## Snowden on Privacy and Threats to Democracy

1. What does the expression "face the music" stand for?

A. Let the American justice decide on whether Snowden was right or wrong to leak the confidential data.

2. What would be the consequence of Snowden's decision not to flee?

C. The government would get rid of Snowden too easily hushing the matter quietly.

3. What is the Espionage Act of 1917 particular about?

C. The defendant does not stand a chance given how the law is drafted.

4. How have things changed concerning data and law regulations since 2013?

"This program may be unconstitutional but if you cannot prove it exists, we ..."
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Web traffic is more encrypted

5. Why does Snowden continue discussing the matter publicly?



6. Was the NSA program that Snowden reported on effective?



7. What is behind mass surveillance?



8. How does data collection affect you even if you are innocent?



9. What solution does Snowden suggest?



10. Do you agree with Snowden? To what extent should the government be entitled to access our personal data? Why yes, why not?

Should the government have any need for my data, I feel like I should be informed of what and for what purpose they want to collect it and that I should have the right to refuse.


## Oral Presentation

UK large shopping center
workers exhausted, controlled
wage

soap & co.
skin products
stores across london, including westfield shopping center

self-employee, not hired
contractual
report money if you want, pay taxes

no one has a day off

cannot arrive just a bit late
no cell phone or else charged

15 pounds per 5 hours
one hundred pounds per two weeks

not paid by hours but by sales

reminds of slavery
modern slavery
exploitative

60 hours per week
can't choose the day

recruited from abroad
foreigners
they don't know what their rights are
vicious circle: dependent on lodging but if they quit they lose everything, they are stuck

Bogus = sham = fake = false
A bogus self-employment

self-employed = freelance = independent contractor

Means no hourly wage

===

Project Name: We, Humans
Slogan: No More Silent Suffering
(Slogan: No More Silent Suffering - Employees deserve better!)

Public protest in front of the shop to expose the contractors' work conditions
During the weekend (when people don't usually work/at the time the shopping center is most crowded, whereas these workers **have to** work)
Human rights associations/groups such as Amnesty International
