## Word Formation Exercises

That country has an **equatorial** climate

His **ostentatious** concern for the poor is disgusting

That pass **enables** him

I am deeply **indebted**
*Be careful*: the "b" is silent

I guess the annual **mileage**

Our new neighbours are very **inquisitive**
*The suffix here is unpredictable, you just have to know it*

to bathe
èï
The little boy **bathed** his feet in the stream

That country used to be a **dictatorship**

Nobody can be convicted of a crime on **circumstantial** evidence

At last, our plans came to **fruition**

The noise above was scarcely **tolerable** and he left home.
*In this sentence, "scarcely" could be replaced by "almost not"*

... an Iron Age **settlement**

**Asocial** / **Antisocial** behaviour
Asocial = personality trait
Antisocial = against society, kind of

The government promised to **subsidize** the public transport next year.
= subventionner

She is not exactly **innumerate**

That school was known for its **severity**

We were shocked by the **extensive** damage

A few **remnant** of furniture and household goods

Seeing that the wind was blowing strongly, the sailor **tightened** the ropes

We agreed that the problem was rather **ticklish**
*The -ish suffix means "or so" or "somewhat"* or "sort of"

Her **untimely** death at twenty-seven...
= premature

I think he is wasting time on **irrelevancies**

These new claims were a shock throughout **Christendom**
*The whole world of Christianity*

Steinbeck's **portrayal**
*Same as depiction, not the same as a physical portrait*

His witty retorts **enlivened** the otherwise dull atmosphere
**ee**n lee vend

... she put down the **receiver**

The fascination of Greece and Egypt is **timeless**

Last week we listened to her wonderful piano **recital**

Hotel work is often **seasonal**, especially in seaside resorts

We know him to be a man of great **attainment**s
*Synonym of achievement*

Such **irritable**
*-able = the capacity to*
So this is the right word and not *irritating*

They exchanged **pleasantries**

We can admire century-old **pottery**

The waitress brought the glasses of **gassy** lager
*(lager = a kind of beer)*

You will have to read the **explanatory** notes as well

She's very **choosy** about who she goes out with

... **irreproachable** behavior

She **emphatically** insisted that we tell our opinion on the matter

## Thailand, a paradise for digital nomads

Describe the concept and the lifestyle

Teleworkers?
People working in IT, digital currencies, web

Stay @ hotel / rent a lodge

1. What diverse circumstances have contributed to the rise of digital nomads? List the 7 reasons discussed. 

- Massively improved Internet access
- Efficient/needed workers can make demands (flexing their muscles)
- Changing work values
- Degrees worth less than they used to be
- World is safer (life expectancy)
- USD strength

2. True or False?

A Elon Musk was called to handle the shark chewing on the undersea telecom cable in Vietnam.        
False

B There has been an exponential push for promoting internet access all around the world.
True

C Only a very few people can truly dictate their working conditions.
True, the 1%

D Millennials have a very similar set of values like their parents and grandparents.          
False

3. What type of values are Millennials looking for in workplace?

- ... 

4. What is the flip side of the freedom that comes with being a digital nomad? 

- Lack of financial stability
- ...

1. What does the speaker suggest by saying that “your degree is worth less than it used to be”?

A You cannot succeed in life unless you obtain a high college degree that is above the average. 

B There is a preference for a hands-on experience when it comes to certain sectors.
This one

C High interests on student loans resulted in students dropping out from colleges. 

6. What is interesting to observe about the evolution of assets and resources in the Western society over the course of time? What economic stages per century does the speaker mention?

- Pre-18th century: land ownership / agrarian
- 18th century: not England necessarily
- 19th century: banking / factories
- 20th century: credentials (degrees)
- 21st century: skills

Debate
Which one is better: an unpredictable yet adventurous lifestyle of a digital nomad or that of a "9-5 office rat"?

Position: rats

Questions to ask digital nomads:
- Social isolation: friends, family? What about them?
- Productivity: how can you work in holiday conditions?
- Long term: what happens when you eventually go back to working in a regular office? Will you be able to adapt?
- What purpose is there to travelling if you are going to stay inside a room?
- Ecology?
- Language
- Services, subscriptions?

Test: anything we did last time and today
No pronunciation
Phrasal Verbs, anything in MyGES
Word Formation
Open Questions
Bonus: debate